[Erlang] initial port of basics exercise from C# (#1523)
exercism/v3: languages/erlang/exercises/concept/basics/.docs/introduction.md

To define a variable and bind a value to it, use the `=` operator:

```erlang
MyValue = 10.
```

Variable names must begin with an uppercase letter and are generally written in camel case.

> To enforce [immutabilty][immutability], once a variable is bound to a value, it cannot be updated:

Reviewer: There is a link to a resource here but I don't think that link is declared anywhere. As per [the docs](https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/docs/concept-exercises.md#docsintroductionmd):

> Links should be used sparingly, if at all. While a link explaining a complex topic like recursion might be useful, for most concepts the links will provide more information than needed so explaining things concisely inline should be the aim.

In this case, I think it is fine to mention immutability (maybe using underscores to make it italic), but not to link to an external resources. Linking to external resources is great for `after.md` documents though, so please do add it there.

Reviewer: The above comment on not preferrably not using links in the introduction.md document also applies to the other links in this file.

```erlang
Count = 5,
Count = Count + 1.
% exception error: no match of right hand side value 6
```

> The `=` operator is also used for performing [pattern matching][pattern_matching] to bind values to variables. In the case above, `Count` is bound to the value `5`, then pattern matching is performed with `6` on the right side being matched to `5` on the left. `5` is not matched with `6`, so an error occurs. [Pattern matching][pattern_matching] will be discussd in more detail in later exercises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `=` operator is also used for performing [pattern matching][pattern_matching] to bind values to variables. In the case above, `Count` is bound to the value `5`, then pattern matching is performed with `6` on the right side being matched to `5` on the left. `5` is not matched with `6`, so an error occurs. [Pattern matching][pattern_matching] will be discussed in more detail in later exercises.
```

Reviewer: In trying to keep the introduction.md as minimal as possible, I'm wondering if this section could maybe removed here and have it only in the after.md document? Note that the introduction document's goal is to provide information that gives the student just enough context to figure out the solution themselves. Anything that is not essential for the student to be able to solve the solution should be omitted from the introduction.md (it can be included in the after.md document though).

Reviewer 2: I'm also in favor of droping this paragraph and leaving the error as is, just showing that rebinding isn't possible.

For pattern matching there should be a distinct concept exercise that then explains what happens in the example above.

> Erlang is a [functional language][functional] and requires all functions to be defined in a _module_. The `module` directive is used to define a module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Erlang is a [functional language][functional] and requires all functions to be defined in a _module_. The `module` module attribute is used to define a modules name.
```

```erlang
-module(calculator).
```

Each function can have zero or more parameters. The number of parameters in a function is known as its _arity_. Every function returns a value, which is the value of the last expression evaluated in the function body.

```erlang
add(X, Y) ->
  X + Y.
```

The function body ends with a `.`. When there are multiple expressions in a function, each expression before the last ends with a `,`.

```erlang
double(X) ->
  Two = 2,
  X * Two.
```

To invoke a function within its own module, simply pass values in as its parameters:

```erlang
add(1, 3).
```

> To allow for a function to be invoked outside of its module, use `export` directive to specify a list of exported functions containing each function's name and arity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow for a function to be invoked outside of its module, use the `export` directive to specify a list of exported functions containing each function's name and arity:
```

> To allow for a function to be invoked outside of its module, use `export` directive to specify a list of exported functions containing each function's name and arity:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow for a function to be invoked outside of its module, use the `export` module attribute to specify a list of exported functions containing each function's name and arity:
```

```erlang
-export([add/2, double/1]).
```

> Note that two functions with the same name but different arities are two _different_ functions. Erlang does not have a concept of overloaded functions.

Reviewer: In trying to keep the introduction.md as minimal as possible, maybe remove this line here and have it only in the after.md document?

Invoking an exported function outside of its module is done by prepending the function invocation with the name of its module:

```erlang
calculator:add(1, 3).
```

> Single line comments are preceded by `%`. Erlang does not support multi-line comments. A common practice is to start single-line comments with `%%` and to precede comments on the same line as code with `%`.

Reviewer: In trying to keep the introduction.md as minimal as possible, maybe remove the "A common practice is to start single-line comments with `%%` and to precede comments on the same line as code with `%`." bit and only have that in the `after.md` document?
